Add documentation for Notification Rules conditional recipients (#31877)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/notification_rules.md

1. Navigate to [**Monitors > Settings > Notification Rules**][1].
1. Click **New Rule**.
1. Add specific tags and values to set the scope for the rule. Notification rules use an AND logic for multiple tags. Both monitor tags and group tags are considered when matching the scope. For an example of this, see [Routing logic](#routing-logic).

> 1. Define your routing conditions by specifying "when" and "who" should be notified. Notifications can be sent to emails, Team channels, or Integration channels. For more information, see [Notifications][2]. There is a limit of 50 notification recipients per rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define your routing conditions by specifying **when** and **to whom** a notification should be sent. Notifications can be sent to emails, Team channels, or Integration channels. There is a limit of 50 notification recipients per rule. For more information, see [Notifications][2]. 
```
